document limitations of Cloud managed instances (#39666)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cloud/index.md

- A dedicated project manager point of contact for the rollout process
- A mutual non-disclosure agreement, and any additional approvals or special status required to allow Sourcegraph to manage infrastructure access tokens (listed below)
- Acceptance of our [Terms of Service for private instances](https://about.sourcegraph.com/terms-private) or an enterprise contract
- SOC 2 Type 2 and ISO 27000 certifications are not yet available.

## Technical

- A dedicated technical point of contact for the installation process.
- [Tokens with read access to your code hosts](../admin/external_service/index.md) (we will direct you on how to enter them)
- [Keys, access tokens, or any other setup required to integrate your SSO (single sign-on) provider with Sourcegraph](../admin/auth/index.md), as well as support from a member of your team with administrator access to your SSO provider to help set up and test the integration.

> - The Sourcegraph instance can only be accessible via a public IP. Running it in a private network (such as a VPN) is not yet supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Sourcegraph instance can only be accessible via a public IP. Running it in a private network and pairing it with your private network via site-to-site VPN is not yet supported.
```

>   - An IP restriction policy can be applied to limit the clients that are able to connect to Sourcegraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - An IP restriction policy can be applied to limit the clients that are able to connect to Sourcegraph (such as restricting access to your employees behind the corporate VPN).
```

- Scale above 3,000 total users or 25,000 repositories is not yet supported.

> - Code hosts or user authentication providers running in a private network (such as a VPN) are not yet supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Code hosts or user authentication providers running in a private network are not yet supported. They must allow incoming traffic from Sourcegraph-owned static IP addresses. We do not have proper support for other connectivity methods, e.g. site-to-site VPN, VPC peering, tunneling.
```
